1. If the data for the posts came from an API, I would have to ensure that the data is fetched prior to the content being displayed. Typically this is where we could leverage a useEffect hook that will fire off an asynchronous function using an HTTP client like Axios or the Fetch API. The useEffect hook is perfect for this situation because it enables us to include a couple dependencies dictating when to make requests to the API, including initial page load and any time a new page is clicked on.

However, there are a few considerations that we would have to account for before we proceed with this implementation. The most important consideration is that by introducing an external API, we will also be introducing load times for our users. We would have to account for this on the client by creating loading components (spinners, progress bars, etc). Another consideration to make is how many blog posts to fetch. Should we only fetch the amount that the user currently has selected from the dropdown menu and make subsequent requests upon clicking on a different page? Or should we fetch more posts (ex. 100) and simply slice the array on the client side? The latter would cut down on API requests but may increase load times or be unnecessary if the user never reaches past the first 15 posts for example. These are all considerations to make and each would have its own tradeoffs.

2. In React, when we have an array where each component is associated with a key, that key will be generated again if the array is changed. In our case, if the pagination range array content changes (which it constantly does), the keys for each component will have to be regenerated. Another case to consider is upon page load, we have a page range of "1, 2, 3, ..., last page." Unique keys are generated for each one of these page numbers, including the ellipses. If a user goes far enough down the pages to "1, ..., 11, 12, 13", not only are new keys being generated each time but what would happen if the user went back to the original range of "1, 2, 3, ..., last page?" The answer is that a different set of keys would be generated even though the content is the same as it originally was upon page load. React has no way of remembering all the keys for every "state change" of the array so it regenerates brand new ones each time. One clever solution to get around this is to hash the keys. By using a hash table (object in JavaScript), we can map each element to a specific key that will never change for the duration of the session. This way, if the user goes down the page range and comes back to the original page range, we will already have the original keys stored and there is no need to regenerate new ones.
